good humor came from different points
even at this stage we have had the
honor to discover the humor of a man
young and different that sack
inimitable victor ordinary characters
that appeared behind that time
and
the life of the Dominicans
of snow pensioners
I am very sad
good
the power has been a hoot
I'm going to tell
You can really see Sevillanas
paying
every Tuesday
much
and good the arrival now of
introduce myself because I 've never come for
charmed
good I have spent endearing moments
in this program and I think it's the
opportunity now to dedicate this
walking in the world
this wonderful team that has
surrounded
to Miriam and Jordi
to manolo
to my friend paco arévalo
there is more
I have found all my friends here
This piece of my life has escaped me
almost without noticing in a way
honored in this program a kiss
very strong to the stolen very large
friends and thank you very much I have done for
count on me at this stage and what yes
I would like to leave is the memory
endearing
of my forays into the program is the
script and of course a very strong kiss
to all of spain 'that has lent me so much
support in these months
Y